docs(misc) IgnorePlugin removed method. Chunk.files now a Set (#3149)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/ignore-plugin.md

## Using filter functions

> - `checkResource(resource)` A Filter function that receives resource as the argument, must return boolean.

Author: ```suggestion
- `checkResource (resource)` A Filter function that receives resource as the argument, must return boolean.
```

> - `checkContext(context)` was __removed in webpack 5__

Author: ```suggestion
- `checkContext(context)` was __removed in webpack 5__ as `checkResource` already gets context
```

> - `checkContext(context)` was __removed in webpack 5__ as `checkResource` already gets context

Author: ```suggestion
- `checkContext(context)` was __removed in webpack 5__ as `checkResource` already gets context.
```

> - `checkContext(context)` was __removed in webpack 5__ as `checkResource` already gets context.

Author: ```suggestion
- `checkContext (context)` was __removed in webpack 5__ as `checkResource` already gets context.
```

> - `checkResource (resource)` A Filter function that receives resource as the argument, must return boolean.

Author: ```suggestion
- `checkResource (resource, context)` A Filter function that receives `resource` and `context` as arguments, must return boolean.
```
